what's going on YouTube Josh here
checking in what a better way to bring
in a big announcement for the strength
doc then on the beach in January the
announcement for you guys is that i'll
be releasing a website the strength calm
to be a companion to the YouTube channel
don't be alarmed the YouTube videos will
keep on coming and like i said the
website is really just going to be a
companion to the YouTube channel itself
it'll basically allow me to go into more
detail on certain topics and really
provide just another source of
information for you guys now one
important thing with the strength calm
is now I'm fully set up for online
programming that to say I'm going to be
offering coaching services for
powerlifting online as well as
consultations if that's something that
interests you you can go over to the
website under the services tab and you
can fill out a form and i'll be sure to
get back to you now keep in mind due to
the fact that i am in medical school and
I trained myself six days a week I can
only take on two people for online
coaching at this point I already have a
few individuals that I already working
with and are seeing some nice gains on
my programming you know unfortunately
just you two my time constraints I don't
want to basically take on too many
individuals for programming and not be
able to provide the coaching services
and support that's really needed to go
on with a customized training program
and really give individualized feedback
on a workout to workout basis now if
that's something you're interested in
again check out the website if that does
something you're interested in no big
deal please head over to the website
check out the articles let me know what
you guys think and be sure to check me
out on social media we got facebook
instagram and twitter and of course
we're on the youtubes be sure to give
the video a like and if you're not
subscribed and hit that subscribe button
I will catch you guys in the next video
you
somebody said it's our job